In other institutes, computer programming students may be given 10, 20, or 30
line programmes to write, but in IIT Bombay, students write 200 to 250 line
programmes. So, simply put IITBombayX stands for extended online educational
services from IIT Bombay and IIT-style learning,” Prof Phatak told The Hindu on
Thursday.
He said the IITBombayX courses will be initially offered in English and Hindi,
but eventually in all Indian languages as the project expands nationally. “The courses
will also be important for collecting data on student behaviour and their approach in
online education which we could share with other educational institutions,” Prof Phatak
said, adding that anyone from 15 year-old to 75-year-olds can register for the courses,
and there is no limit on how many can enrol at a time.
Prof Phatak said the IITBombayX platform will soon offer other courses like a
course in agriculture designed by Hyderabad-based International Crops Research
Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat), and a course by Tata Institute of Social
Science on open source animation tools. “A chemistry course by Dr. Mangala Sunder of
IIT Madras is also being planned,” he said.
Facebook has exceeded analysts‟ predictions with annual results of double the net profit
posted by the company a year earlier — thanks to good business growth through mobile
devices in 2014.
The company earned in 2014 a net profit of $2.9 billion, nearly double the figure of
2013, while Facebook‟s income last year amounted to $12.4 billion, representing an
increase of 58.4 per cent compared to the previous year. The results presented on
Wednesday showed that the business branch of Facebook grew more last year and
confirmed the success of the company to make the network more mobile-based.
In December 2014, the number of Facebook subscribers reached 890 million which
meant a growth of 18 per cent compared to a year earlier. Of the total number of active
daily users, 745 million (84 per cent) logged in to the network through.2007